In the following you will see what happens when
I take six pokémon out of my boxes
raussuchen and as packed in the
fight against challenger send
I open with joker and the djoker has
as was glass blitzer that he once
is the habit in the first round
basically wanted to change
use
that is generally a good plan for him
here, however, the thunder would be lightning
then probably the better
decision
because then paterno survives and has the
Opportunity to visit Steiner outside
lay
Titanium stones are not that bad
for me but it would have been nice
not to have you to go away
One can also survive very quickly
Correct for that we have well said so
later
that are always helpful
Priority should always be in the team
exactly for such situations the place
from afar and meters in and meters
Big seems to think it would be fast
or strong enough defensively but that is
not a case the engine has one
earthquakes with step and live and consequently
Megagroß is no opponent for her
free round the cytomegalovirus
classic status move in the first
round now offers benefits around tartar
to put out
So now we have a stone on both
one knows that from the opus
is almost standard
unfortunately, now is the pizarro
space active and this tito mega has the
strauchler one sees this frequently however
not always i was hoping he 'll
not there but so we have good and
lost and the pizarro room is
not nice for my team because nothing out
my team really want in payment
fight space
the best opponent for doing mega
of course cookie cookie is lucky now
because google gets a free round
through a mystic through omega the
Of course, psycho crisis was a minor one
error and
out of fear then to be eliminated
and to use again later
then pulls back super mega and
even that enters the field and even has
What now makes the kuki almost
no harm because their cracks
need to do harm then so
a few times dragon dance or protzer in
the other variant with plus minus zero
and with -1 you can not do it that way
so much do even the other hand,
could do something with it but
even that uses the fact that
their ok give also hardly sparkle
can do a bit of that
to use dragon dance
Now both have blown in Traun
So the trick has ended
less harm done than me
had feared
and that is exactly where it is in the
Upper hand because of the threatening enough
the crunch despite a kite dance
more than do not garros out to it
remove
but despite the dragon's dance, that's always the case
even slower than the jogger and the
joker then eliminates very quickly
the word change so now after the first
Half of the fight reasonably fast
was clarified we come now to the
really bad guys or the bad girl
in canister now prepares the late game
action in front of a light shield and
then then with circumstances also with
a reflector because not protected
should be able to open a window too
survive unless this criticism that
is unattractive but little light shoulder
and gives us reasonably certainty
lost against us with this jersey
Now we have archeology and ethnology
is outside and the opponent is easy
stronger is why now clearly what happened
that could be projects
I thought we just go
times straight forward with the tantrum
because although that is resistant to the
Tantrum from the field still makes
enough harm if that is now the three
round would have been good case would be the
very nice
but that's just two rounds
good fit and currently gets one
earthquake from now after I saw
that this forward thinker earthquake
I thought of attacking preaches
I'm the second earthquake in
I'm floating on the change of gear
but Horst Becker already wanted to
blow up the air and the death makes him
Straight in the face as death must
nunmal so does the field is now made
the death against jersey and super mega
Of course you want a change
provoke or at least a focus
bump who knows in any case has it
does not work so well
super mega could do nothing
against the ice tower and safely behind the
The ice-cold death can not sign now
yet another time the ice tower
unleash
against troicki lost and then survived
in fact the first dark aura
now could a second ice storm or
entry means to even in this case
to clarify the whole thing
but death does not make a normal end
for this fight
because the death accompanied jersey personally
into hell and that 's the match
then over, I hope it has you
please write me the comments and
We will meet again next time
to date